# Stella Version 1.0 ~ Rewrite Release (February 18th, 2021)

# New Features

### Player BIN Tracking:
* **stella ahtrack [optional: ign]** 
* Starts tracking all purchasable BIN items for a player.
* Tracker does a check once every 2 minutes.
* If the tracker finds that an item has been sold and has not yet been claimed by the auctioneer, the discord user associated with the auction will be notified through a DM.
* If an item is cancelled, the tracker will remove the item without notifying you.
* If an **[ign]** argument is not provided, the tracker will attempt to use the user's discord display name.

### Guild Summary Statistics:
* **stella guild [guild]**
* Returns a skills summary for a specified guild.
* Guilds with a member count larger than 70 will have a longer load time.
* Statistics include all 8 main skill averages and a guild total skill average.
* Skill levels are taken from the achievements api. See [Hypixel Documentation](https://github.com/HypixelDev/PublicAPI/blob/master/Documentation/methods/player.md).
* This command has a 30 second global cooldown.

###

# Changes (From Beta)

### stella afk [optional: ign]
* Afk tracker now supports multiple players per discord account.
* To add another player to tracking, simply run the command for the desired player.
* If an **[ign]** argument is not provided, the tracker will attempt to use the user's discord display name.

### stella bits
* Now includes the new bits items added in [Skyblock Patch 0.11.1](https://hypixel.net/threads/skyblock-0-11-1.3892871/)
* Now separates craftable items and raw items.

### stella bz [item]
* Now accurately returns instant buy and intant sell price for a given item.
* Removed bar graph integration.

### stella da
* Now includes Giant Killer 7 Enchanted Book from Darker Auctions.

### stella forge
* Command now uses the correct bazaar prices.

### stella help [optional: command]
* Revamped help menu.
* To see information related to a specific command, including required arguments, the command name can be passed as an argument.
### stella jacob
* Command now only shows the next three Jacob Farming Contest events.
* Player statistics component has been moved to **stella player**.

### ~stella leaderboard [guild]~
* Command has been removed and may be reintroduced at a later date.
* For guild statistics, see [**stella guild**](https://github.com/Ove3r/Stella/blob/main/Documentation/Updates/1.0.md#guild-summary-statistics).

### stella player [optional: ign] [optional: profile]
* Added emojis for increased readbility.
* Fixed assorted bugs.
* Jacob farming statistics have been moved to the player command as a tab. 
* If the player being called has certain in-game APIs enabled, more tab options will appear at the bottom of the command.
* Added a pie chart tab for players with skills APIs enabled.
* Added dungeons related statistics support for players with skills APIs enabled.
* If an **[ign]** argument is not provided, the command will attempt to use the user's discord display name.
* If a **[profile]** argument is not provided, the command will use the most recently logged in profile for the player.

### stella track [ign] [profile] & stella track
* With the rewrite, users who had tracking before may migrate their data through sending a DM to Over#6203.
* Command is still restricted to one player per discord account, this will change in the future.
* Added error messages for players with disabled skills APIs.
* **stella track** is still used to check changes if a user has a player tracked.


